Git is a version controlling feature.It help us to get all of the changes and commits on the project.Or we can say it track all of the 
operations which are performed on the file present on git repository.


To update github by using github:
	git clone https://github.com/git/git 

How to add files to git:

Commands				Use

git init 		: 		will create a git repository on github
git status 		: 		if we want to check what is present on the github repository.
git add "FileName	:  		This command is used to add the file on git hub repository
git commit -m "Message"	: 		This command is used to commit the changes by giving a commit message

Branches:
Whenever we start working with large projects , we are having a large changes on the project , and we want to ensure that the new changes
will not affect the previous running code, So we need to create branchings.
OR
As we begin to work with bigger project on git , what you wanna do is sometimes you want to make very large changes to your project while
at the same time you want to ensure that all your previous code(the code that you know works) is safe.So if something wrong in the code,
you will be able to revert to the previous stage.This can be achieved by git branch. We can make all of the code changes and if all works
well , add it to the master branch.

NOTE: Whenever we see * in front of branch name. It means whatever we are going to commit , is committed on that branch.

Commands		:		Use

git branch		:		Command is used to see the available branches on the github repository
git branch "branchName"	:		Used to create a branch on the github repository.
git checkout "branchName":		To change branch in which we want to work.
git add .		:		Add everything we had changed.
git log 		:		It shows all of the commit which we have created.
git revert "commitId"	:		This is used to revert the commit.		
			
We can create and checkout the branch by using a single command as well.
git checkout -b "branchName"


NOTE: The changes which we had committed to branch will be availble to us at our local if we checkout that particular branch.

If we want to merge a branch into another , first open that branch on which we want to merge any other branch.And write the following command:
git merge "branchName we want to merge in this branch"

Delete a branch
git branch "branchName" -d

To forcefully delete a branch
git branch "branchName" -D

NOTE :gitignore is a file that allows you to hide file in your repository so everybody on the web can't view them.So first create a .gitignore text
file and write file name on this file to which we want to hide from users.
and the run git add and commit command.

NOTE: If we want to add another file to gitignore, and that file is already committed and present on github then first we need to remove the 
cache from github of that file by using following command:
git rm --cached "fileName"
And then add this fileName to gitignore and again run add and commit command.So this file is also hidden from user.



To upload our code to github:
git remote add origin "github repository link provided by github when we create repository on that"

To push our code to that repository:
git push -u origin master

To make changes and again push the file:
git add .
git commit -m "commit message"
git push -u origin master

